c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Budgeteer.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Budgeteer.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\obj\x86\Debug\Budgeteer.exe
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\obj\x86\Debug\Budgeteer.pdb
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Bills.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Car.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Exercise.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Food.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Fun.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Health.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Liquor.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Transport.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Vacations.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Work.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\NotFound\NotFoundLines.csv
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Baby.txt
c:\users\brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Categories\Misc.txt
C:\Users\Brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\obj\x86\Debug\Budgeteer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Budgeteer.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\bin\Debug\Budgeteer.application
C:\Users\Brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\obj\x86\Debug\Budgeteer.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Brian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Budgeteer\Budgeteer\obj\x86\Debug\Budgeteer.application
